PEP 11: Update link to contacts for third-party ports in the Devguide (#5015)
python/peps: peps/pep-0011.rst

general improvements, may be rejected or removed from the code base
without a deprecation process.
Core team members that do this intentionally are encouraged to notify people

> listed in the `Ports and contacts list`_ in the CPython contributor's guide,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
listed in the `Ports and contacts list`_ in the CPython Developer's guide,
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
listed in the `Ports and contacts list`_ in the Python developer's guide,
```
